[DOCS] Adds content to the KSPM section (#2584)
elastic/security-docs: docs/cloud-native-security/kspm.asciidoc

[[kspm]]
= Kubernetes security posture management

[discrete]
[[kspm-overview]]
== Overview
The Kubernetes Security Posture Management (KSPM) integration allows you to identify configuration risks in the various components that make up your Kubernetes cluster.
It does this by evaluating your Kubernetes clusters against secure configuration guidelines defined by the Center for Internet Security (CIS) and generating findings with step-by-step instructions for remediating failed findings.

This integration supports Amazon EKS and unmanaged Kubernetes clusters. For setup instructions, refer to <<get-started-with-kspm,Get started with KSPM>>.

[discrete]
[[kspm-how-kspm-works]]
== How KSPM works

> . When you add a KSPM integration, it generates a Kubernetes manifest that, when applied to a cluster, deploys an {agent} as a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset[DaemonSet] — this ensures that all nodes are evaluated.

Reviewer: What are your thoughts on breaking down this sentence? Maybe something like:

```suggestion
. When you add a KSPM integration, the integration generates a Kubernetes manifest. Once the manifest is applied to a cluster, an {agent} is deployed as a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset[DaemonSet], which ensures that all nodes are evaluated.
```

. Upon deployment, the integration immediately assesses the security posture of your Kubernetes resources. The evaluation process repeats every four hours.
. After each evaluation, the integration sends findings to {es}. Findings appear on the <<cloud-nat-sec-posture-dashboard,Cloud posture dashboard>> and the <<findings-page,findings>> page.

[discrete]
[[kspm-use-cases]]
== Use cases

The KSPM integration helps you to:

* Identify and remediate `failed` findings
* Identify the most misconfigured resources
* Identify risks in particular CIS benchmark sections

[discrete]
[[kspm-remediate-failed-findings]]
=== Identify and remediate failed findings

To identify and remediate failed failed findings:

. Go to the <<cloud-nat-sec-posture-dashboard,Cloud posture dashboard>>.
. Click *View all failed findings*, either for an individual cluster or for all monitored clusters.
. Click a failed finding. The findings flyout opens.
. Follow the steps under *Remediation* to correct the misconfiguration.

> NOTE: Remediation steps typically include commands for you to execute. These sometimes contain placeholder values that you must replace before execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: Remediation steps typically include commands for you to execute. These sometimes contain placeholder values that you must replace before execution.
```

[discrete]
[[kspm-identify-misconfigured-resources]]
=== Identify the most misconfigured Kubernetes resources

To identify the Kubernetes resources generating the most failed findings:

. Go to the <<findings-page,Findings>> page.
. Click the *Group by* menu near the search box and select *Resource* to view a list of resources sorted by their total number of failed findings.
. Click a resource ID to view the findings associated with that resource.

[discrete]
[[kspm-identify-config-risks-by-section]]
=== Identify configuration risks by CIS section

To identify risks in particular CIS sections:

> . Go to the <<cloud-nat-sec-posture-dashboard,Cloud posture dashboard>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the <<cloud-nat-sec-posture-dashboard,Cloud posture dashboard>> (*Dashboards -> Cloud Posture*).
```

. In the Failed findings by CIS section widget, click the name of a CIS section to view all failed findings for that section.

Alternatively:

. Go to the Findings page.
. Filter by the `rule.section` field. For example, search for `rule.section : API Server` to view findings for benchmark rules in the API Server category.

[discrete]
[[kspm-faq]]
== FAQ

*Can I evaluate the security posture of my Amazon EKS clusters?*
Yes. KSPM currently supports the security posture evaluation of Amazon EKS and unmanaged Kubernetes clusters. 

*How often is my cluster’s security posture evaluated?*

> Clusters are evaluated upon deployment of a KSPM integration, and every 4 hours after that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters are evaluated upon deployment of a KSPM integration, and every four hours after that.
```

[[kspm]]

> = Kubernetes security posture management

Reviewer 2: Overall this topic feels kind of unusual compared to most of our other docs. Typically section overview topics like this don't actually contain a lot of procedures; they're just trying to give a general summary of the feature set. Reproducing the procedures from other topics can also be a real challenge for future updates and maintenance. 

I think this is fine to proceed with for now, but it'd be good to keep iterating on the whole section after release, and maybe refactor to make maintenance easier.

Reviewer 3: It would be very good @benironside if we still could add file
https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/blob/main/docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc
to this pr and link the integrations strings `Kubernetes Security Posture Management` to the appropriate integrations documentation https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/cloud_security_posture

Author: Good summary here @joepeeples, I agree it's a lot of repetition with other topics. I think @tinnytintin10's intention here is to make the information about use-cases as accessible as possible, but there's definitely a trade-off with how readable and maintainable the whole section is (repetition is detrimental on both counts). I'm supportive of trimming it down. Curious to hear your thoughts @jmikell821

Author: @111andre111 sorry, I'm not understanding this comment. 

What do you mean by "add file https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/blob/main/docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc"? Are you suggesting that we link from this page to the "Get started with KSPM" page?

What do you mean by "integrations strings"? I think you are suggesting we link from this page to https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/cloud_security_posture (which makes sense to me) but I'm not sure.

Reviewer 3: Sorry if I have not been clear enough.
I what I wanted to say here is if it is possible to link on these 2 lines:
https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/blame/main/docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc#L27
https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/blame/main/docs/cloud-native-security/get-started-with-kspm.asciidoc#L208

String `Kubernetes Security Posture Management` to https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/cloud_security_posture

Does that mke it more clear, @benironside ?

Reviewer 4: I like Andre's suggestion. @benironside I know that [this integration docs view](https://docs.elastic.co/integrations/cloud_security_posture) is in technical preview; however, if you're okay linking out to it, I full support it.

Reviewer 4: @joepeeples one thing our product struggles with is helping users get value out of our many features. There is much work around PLG to help in this space; however, it's still not near delivery. I view detailed use case-based documentation as part of the product and a solution to helping users understand the value they can extract from our product and certain features. 

With this in mind, I wanted to make this section as clear and detailed as possible by describing what KSPM is and giving examples of how users can extract value. I will rely on y'all to trim the content down in all the right places, but I do want to retain its guiding and descriptive nature in regard to what the product is and how users can gain value.

. Click a failed finding. The findings flyout opens.
. Follow the steps under *Remediation* to correct the misconfiguration.

NOTE: Remediation steps typically include commands for you to execute. These sometimes contain placeholder values that you must replace before execution.

[discrete]
[[kspm-identify-misconfigured-resources]]
=== Identify the most misconfigured Kubernetes resources

To identify the Kubernetes resources generating the most failed findings:

. Go to the <<findings-page,Findings>> page.
. Click the *Group by* menu near the search box and select *Resource* to view a list of resources sorted by their total number of failed findings.
. Click a resource ID to view the findings associated with that resource.

[discrete]
[[kspm-identify-config-risks-by-section]]
=== Identify configuration risks by CIS section

To identify risks in particular CIS sections:

. Go to the <<cloud-nat-sec-posture-dashboard,Cloud posture dashboard>>.
. In the Failed findings by CIS section widget, click the name of a CIS section to view all failed findings for that section.

Alternatively:

. Go to the Findings page.
. Filter by the `rule.section` field.

> . For example, search for `rule.section : API Server` to view findings for benchmark rules in the API Server category.

Reviewer 2: This should be a continuation of the previous step, not a separate step

[discrete]
[[kspm-faq]]
== FAQ

*Can I evaluate the security posture of my Amazon EKS clusters?*

> Yes. KSPM currently supports the security posture evaluation of Amazon EKS and unmanaged Kubernetes clusters. Support for other managed Kubernetes services, like GKE and AKS, is planned.

Reviewer 2: We try to avoid forward-looking statements or anything that sounds like we're promising something, so the second sentence could be tricky.

Author: I know that's our standard practice, and I'm open to removing this. On the other hand, I am open to experimenting with including it since it was requested directly by @tinnytintin10 (the PM for this feature, so we don't have to worry about accuracy). @jmikell821 what do you think?
